Providing more detail on EndpointSlice implementation (#18343)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/enabling-endpointslices.md

## Introduction

EndpointSlices provide a scalable and extensible alternative to Endpoints in
Kubernetes. They build on top of the base of functionality provided by Endpoints
and extend that in a scalable way. When Services have a large number (>100) of
network endpoints, they will be split into multiple smaller EndpointSlice
resources instead of a single large Endpoints resource.

## Enabling EndpointSlices

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.17" state="beta" >}}

{{< note >}}
Although EndpointSlices may eventually replace Endpoints, many Kubernetes
components still rely on Endpoints. For now, enabling EndpointSlices should be
seen as an addition to Endpoints in a cluster, not a replacement for them.
{{< /note >}}

EndpointSlices are considered a beta feature, but only the API is enabled by
default. Both the EndpointSlice controller and the usage of EndpointSlices by
kube-proxy are not enabled by default.

> The EndpointSlice controler creates and manages EndpointSlices in a cluster. You

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The EndpointSlice controller creates and manages EndpointSlices in a cluster. You
```

Author: Woops, thanks!

seen as an addition to Endpoints in a cluster, not a replacement for them.
{{< /note >}}

> Endpoint Slices are considered a beta feature, but only the API is enabled by

Reviewer: I'd move this near to the top of the page, so that it's close to the feature-state shortcode.

Author: I'm not sure how I should be structuring this. Above this there's an intro, a feature-state, and then a note. Agree that it would be nice to make both this and the feature state more prominent, but I'm not sure how to restructure/reorder this.

default. Both the Endpoint Slice controller and the usage of Endpoint Slices by
Kube Proxy are not enabled by default. 

The Endpoint Slice controler creates and manages Endpoint Slices in a cluster. It

> can be enabled with the Endpoint Slice feature gate on API Server and Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be enabled with the `EndpointSlice` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) on the API Server and the Controller
```
(better to write “kube-controller-manager” I think: if someone is implementing their own controller manager, bets about its command line flags are off anyway).

If you're rewriting this, you could also switch it from passive voice to active voice (“You can enable&hellip”) as recommended in the style guide.

Author: Good call, I've updated that now. I also added glossary tooltips for kube-apiserver and kube-controller-manager, but not sure if that's overkill here.
